Add a doc for AWS Neuron in Diffusers (#9766)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/optimization/neuron.md

<!--Copyright 2024 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# AWS Neuron

Diffusers functionalities are available on [AWS Inf2 instances](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/inf2/), which are EC2 instances powered by [Neuron machine learning accelerators](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/inferentia/). These instances aim to provide better compute performance (higher throughput, lower latency) with good cost-efficiency, making them good candidates for AWS users to deploy diffusion models to production.

> [Optimum Neuron](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum-neuron/en/index) is the interface between 🤗 HugiingFace libraries and AWS Accelerators including AWS [Trainium](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/trainium/) and AWS [Inferentia](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/inferentia/). It supports many of the features in Diffusers with similar APIs, so it is easier to learn if you're already familiar with Diffusers. Once you have created an AWS Inf2 instance, install Optimum Neuron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Optimum Neuron](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum-neuron/en/index) is the interface between Hugging Face libraries and AWS Accelerators, including AWS [Trainium](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/trainium/) and AWS [Inferentia](https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/inferentia/). It supports many of the features in Diffusers with similar APIs, so it is easier to learn if you're already familiar with Diffusers. Once you have created an AWS Inf2 instance, install Optimum Neuron.
```

Author: Good catch! Fixed!
